Adding more quick fixes (#3498)
dafny-lang/dafny: Test/README.md

[See here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-test) for more information about
the `dotnet test` command and other supported options.

## Writing tests

> Lit tests use a very restricted form of command-line: just commands, little piping, just > and >> redirection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lit tests use a very restricted form of command-line: executables and their arguments piping, `>` and `>>` redirections (for respectively writing and appending stdout to a file) and `2>` and `2>>` redirections (for respectively writing and appending both stdout and stderr to a file).
```
